content/modules/home/dashboards/addwidget.md, before:

---
title: Adding Widgets to the Dashboard
geekdocHidden: true
slug: addwidget
---

Click on the \<Add widget > button at the center of the screen to add widgets.


![Screenshot](/modules/home/dashboards/Images/{{% imagehome %}}/addwidgets.PNG)


Add the widgets appropriate to the view and information you would like to have for the dashboard you are creating. Here is a summary of the widgets currently available by category:

* Logs:

![Screenshot](/modules/home/dashboards/Images/{{% imagehome %}}/Logs.png)

* APM:

![Screenshot](/modules/home/dashboards/Images/{{% imagehome %}}/APM.png)

* NetFlow:

![Screenshot](/modules/home/dashboards/Images/{{% imagehome %}}/NetFlow.png)

* Monitor (Metrics):

![Screenshot](/modules/home/dashboards/Images/{{% imagehome %}}/metrics.png)

* Alarm (Alerts):

![Screenshot](/modules/home/dashboards/Images/{{% imagehome %}}/alerts.png)

* Bizviews:

![Screenshot](/modules/home/dashboards/Images/{{% imagehome %}}/bizviews.png)

* Maps:

![Screenshot](/modules/home/dashboards/Images/{{% imagehome %}}/maps.png)

* Tools:

![Screenshot](/modules/home/dashboards/Images/{{% imagehome %}}/tools.png)


![Screenshot](/modules/home/dashboards/Images/{{% imagehome %}}/allwidgets.PNG)

Commit message:

Expand short docs with instructions and diagrams

content/modules/home/dashboards/addwidget.md, after:

---
title: Adding Widgets to the Dashboard
geekdocHidden: true
slug: addwidget
---

Click the **Add widget** button to populate your dashboard with graphs,
tables or other panels.

## Steps
1. Choose **Add widget** in the empty dashboard.
2. Select the desired widget category.
3. Configure the widget options, then click **Add**.
4. Repeat for additional widgets.

![Screenshot](/modules/home/dashboards/Images/{{% imagehome %}}/addwidgets.PNG)


Add widgets appropriate to the view you would like to have for the dashboard you are creating. Below is a summary of the widgets currently available by category:

* Logs:

![Screenshot](/modules/home/dashboards/Images/{{% imagehome %}}/Logs.png)

* APM:

![Screenshot](/modules/home/dashboards/Images/{{% imagehome %}}/APM.png)

* NetFlow:

![Screenshot](/modules/home/dashboards/Images/{{% imagehome %}}/NetFlow.png)

* Monitor (Metrics):

![Screenshot](/modules/home/dashboards/Images/{{% imagehome %}}/metrics.png)

* Alarm (Alerts):

![Screenshot](/modules/home/dashboards/Images/{{% imagehome %}}/alerts.png)

* Bizviews:

![Screenshot](/modules/home/dashboards/Images/{{% imagehome %}}/bizviews.png)

* Maps:

![Screenshot](/modules/home/dashboards/Images/{{% imagehome %}}/maps.png)

* Tools:

![Screenshot](/modules/home/dashboards/Images/{{% imagehome %}}/tools.png)


![Screenshot](/modules/home/dashboards/Images/{{% imagehome %}}/allwidgets.PNG)
